The peak number of publishers reporting in Zimbabwe
during the 2014 service year was 43,113 in August 2014.
Just two months later in October 2014,
we had a new all-time peak of 43,635 publishers.
This means that in just over a year
we had increased by three medium-sized circuits.
We'd like to thank the governing body
for selecting Harari Zimbabwe to host an international convention,
which was held August 22-24-2014.
This was the busiest time in the history
of the Kingdom work in Zimbabwe.
Even publishers and remote congregations
were involved with the preparations in one way or another.
Here is an interesting experience from the convention.
Mr. Murandu and his family are studying the Bible
and attending meetings.
When he heard of the international convention in February,
he immediately applied for leave
and in addition spoke to the manager
to be sure that he would have tarmed off from work.
This was granted.
Then in June he reminded the manager again.
The manager confirmed that there was no problem.
However, the Thursday before the convention,
the manager called him and told him
that he had changed his mind.
Mr. Murandu had to report for work.
His vacation had been cancelled.
This was not a matter open for discussion he was told.
If he did not report for work, he would be fired.
What would Mr. Murandu do?
He was determined.
He would rather lose his job than miss this convention.
In Zimbabwe, for one to do this,
he must have thought deeply about the matter
for jobs are hard to combat.
Friday morning of the convention,
he and his family went to the convention.
As he entered the stadium, who did he see?
But the manager, they looked at each other in amazement.
Mr. Murandu, you're supposed to be at work.
I told you, you leave was cancelled.
I'm sorry sir, but I just had to be here.
But allow me to ask, why are you here yourself?
He said that he'd been given an invitation
by one of the delegates early that week
and decided he would attend.
That was when he decided to cancel Mr. Murandu's leave
so that he would be at work while he,
the manager, was at the convention.
He then walked away.
Both of them attended all three days of the program.
On Monday, Mr. Murandu went for work
and found out that he was still employed.
He and his family continued to make good spiritual progress.
There's no question but that the Harari International Convention
has put Jehovah's Witnesses firmly on the map in Zimbabwe
and ensured many more know about Jehovah's name and his people.
It is our pleasure to convey to the Bethel family here,
including our dear brothers of the governing body,
the warm love of the 140 members of the Bethel family
in Zimbabwe.